welcome to the falcon and the winter
soldier episode six
crammed the gdc building is surrounded
by law enforcement
and even sharon carter has entered the
country under cover to offer support
while the flag smashes inside the
building start causing trouble
thankfully that present sam got turns
out to be a new top-of-the-range flight
suit
and he crashes in to fight for
terrorists as the new
true captain america the flag smashers
want the evacuation to continue however
as they have taken control of the evac
helicopter that's now full of council
members
while the rest of the gdc gets locked
into the armored trucks
but they hope will get them out safely
bucky chases them down on bike
while sharon tags the disguised
flagsmasher with a mercury vapour bomb
that kills him horribly meanwhile
betroth gets to have his round
two with sam who's been putting his
shield training to good use to integrate
it into his fighting style
along with the flight suit however he
also knows to prioritize for hostages
over a dick measuring session and bails
on batroc
to chase down the hijacked helicopter
all while keeping an eye on other
civilians along the way
and his new armored wings helped to make
a formidable shell
against heavy debris and even work
underwater
thanks to that wakandan technology so
connecting with the comms of one of the
council member hostages who has some
former pilots training he lets her know
it's time to take the stick
as he shield slices for cockpit's door
and precision body slams for flagsmasher
clean
out the other side well done for being
involved carly in the meantime decides
that they may have to just kill the
hostages to send their one world message
and even die for the cause which is met
with lukewarm enthusiasm from everyone
else
so they intercept for ground level gdc
evacuees to take us hostages but
bucky bikes in with a body slam of his
own before
carly sets one of the trucks on fire in
order to keep the winter soldier
occupied
however john walker cosplay america has
arrived to avenge his friend
and once bucky gets the hostages out of
danger they both
move in to fight the teres he gets
knocked down into a lower construction
site to continue his battle
while jw methodically and angrily beats
the rest of them down
so carly tries to drive the remaining
hostage van over the edge
to at least kill some of the council and
even after everything
when faced with the choice john walker
turns away from the fight
and uses his super strength to pull the
van back to safety
even as the others try to stop him and
with some help from the new captain
america and his red wing drones
they succeed the last of the flag
smashers are starting to look like
they're
in over their heads and the new look
captain america and friends
have had enough of their [ __ ] so they
split up and make a run for it
after batroc covers their escape only
for carly to run into sharon carter
or as she knows her the power broker
sharon has this whole time been for one
controlling maginopod
and forcing production of the new serum
before hunting down the flag smashes for
stealing it
batroc joins in for a cheeky standoff
that results in sharon killing him
while also being shot by carly sam
arrives having missed this minor
revelation however
and takes on carly head to head despite
everything he's still
trying to talk her down from the fight
and keeps on defense against her
strength
but khali now views him as another
person who's just bought into the great
lie
and is about to shoot sam before sharon
kills her
regardless of the serum she was
essentially an angry kid with a cause
that she believed in
and sam publicly faces the global
repatriation council
with a five-minute speech about the
impact they're about to have on those
refugees
he can't change the fact that there will
always be people out there
hating him for having the shield but he
believes that people can be better
imploring and shaming the senators into
making better choices
before flying off to help clean up any
stragglers
bucky and jw had arrested the rest of
them but
on route to prison the last of the flag
smashers are killed in a car bomb
explosion
set by helmut zemo's butler his final
step
complete in keeping radicalized super
terrorists
off the map and back in dc viveep has
rebranded john walker for all of his
good work
away from the captain america ideal
because what the government might really
need when things get weird
is a us agent while over in the next
room thanks to sam's promise
the gdc senator offers sharon carter a
full pardon
and welcomes her home unwittingly
allowing the power broker of the
criminal underworld
back into a position of government
secrets and prototype weapons for her to
sell as she sees
fit and
so it's time for resolutions all round
bucky bites the bullet and explains to
his old grandpa drinking buddy
that he was the one who killed the man's
son back in the days of being a hydra
agent
giving him closure and sending the
completed list of amends back to his
counsellor while sam takes isaiah to the
captain america exhibit
where he's had the true history of
isaiah's part in the super soldier
program
added to the records so that america
doesn't forget
and finally honoring the man and thanks
to that shrimp boat
everyone gets a food-filled party where
bucky finds himself fitting in with a
community
and the two boys can finally relax and
enjoy themselves
are they seeing each other now so thanks
a lot for watching
i'll be putting everything together for
a full series cram
very soon so let me know what you
thought of falcon and the winter soldier
in the comments below
because i have like a million opinions
i'll see you next time
and take care